# food-watch
About Project, Foodwatch is a simple app for helping households cut down food waste by feeding the information on the expiry date of the products. SETUP: You will need the following to build and test the project:  Node.JS v16 Yarn Package Manager Expo CLI Once installed, simply run yarn install and yarn start to begin the development server for testing and debugging. Any changes to the project you make will be automatically compiled and pushed to your test device. PROJECT STRUCTURE: assets/ - Static assets, such as images and fonts, which are used in the app or by Expo when packaging the app. components/ - This folder is for reusable components which may be useful on multiple different screens, so have been separated out from their original views. features/ - This folder is for Redux 'slices', which manage Redux state information for use across multiple different screens. model/ - This folder is for data model objects which describe the data we use in the app and have no UI logic. screens/ - This folder is for each of the navigable screens in our app. Each screen should have it's own file. Screens may have their own internal routers, such as in AddFood.tsx which presents as a modal. App.tsx - The entrypoint of the app, holding the root stack navigator for the other screens. hooks.ts - App-specific versions of standard React hooks, provided for easier typing with TypeScript. store.ts - The Redux store definition which is comprised of the slices defined in features/. Not used in other components directly, but via the hooks in hooks.ts.
